the block just listened I'm going to teach you
will use a remorse behind and two flights
and eight by the internal and a 2008 flashlight
another fault 501 b and c
first we must do is remove this
ring that
and you 're using something that
do not risk
You can see that much is being charged there.
so it does not allow
the thread in the bottom it has
2.1 feeling or intimate millimeters of
diameter
this first thread here has a
mm to plus or 22 centimeters
no milan at work 501 b own
2.1 link means I read one feeling
that would be 20 minutes
it is for that internal thread
So how do I use it?
taking this piece for this or I can
also only by removing this part and
making it easier later
if you can buy a remote one right
your matter better but if you can not
make the adjustment
I took this ring is different
the remote is not seen in my land back
the other thing that you must pay attention to
is this future here makes a suite
Let's see tomorrow.
this personal hole it has 1.3 more
1.4 centimeters or 14 millimeters of
14 mm straight to this remote
It has
thirteen and a half tone will fit right
ok let's return it
before he used this now I'm going
replace with original flashlight
the problem in this way that do not work
They are the earth itself is that you will have
to stop using this time
doing this you will not have problem
let's put
a little more work because it's there in the
background you need to put it right
now you can observe and you can see
well the first thread
the second mother search in the background now gives
to be service remembering that this part
Lantern and has to be on the menu
15 millimeters of an inch and a half
because it gives depth of attain
that second bag did not give
But I know that I am the Lord.
using white
earth how much memory in a
Now I'm going to show you lands only.
to show you that look this is the
kind of a pity that will not work for me
I know that this one is smaller than
The minimum measure for you here is
only one centimeter in diameter
so it's no use trying to get a low
here because it will not fit you need to
at least